What is a coronavirus?
What is COVID-19?
What are the symptoms of COVID-19?
What should I do if I have COVID-19 symptoms and when should I seek medical care?
How does COVID-19 spread?
Can COVID-19 be caught from a person who has no symptoms?
How can we protect others and ourselves if we don't know who is infected?
What should I do if I have come in close contact with someone who has COVID-19?
What does it mean to self-isolate?
What should I do if I have no symptoms, but I think I have been exposed to COVID-19? What does it mean to self-quarantine?
What is the difference between self-isolation, self-quarantine and distancing?
Can children or adolescents catch COVID-19?
What can I do to protect myself and prevent the spread of disease?
Is there a vaccine, drug or treatment for COVID-19?
Does WHO recommend wearing medical masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19?
How to properly wear a medical mask?
How long does it take after exposure to COVID-19 to develop symptoms?
What is the connection between COVID-19 and animals?
Can I catch COVID-19 from my pet or other animals?
How long does the virus survive on surfaces?
Are antibiotics effective in preventing or treating COVID-19?
Can I catch COVID-19 from the faeces of someone with the disease?
Can adolescents catch COVID-19?
Can adolescents spread COVID-19 to other people even if they have mild or no symptoms?
Since there are few known cases of adolescents getting seriously ill with COVID-19, should I go to a health facility if I develop symptoms of the disease?
What should I do if someone in my family gets really ill with COVID-19?
I am on medication for a chronic health condition. Should I change anything?
I was due to get vaccinated for HPV, meningitis or tetanus, but immunization services have been disrupted. Should I be concerned?
I am bored staying home. Since I am very unlikely to get severely ill even if I was to get COVID-19, why is it important that I follow the guidelines to prevent transmission such as keeping physical distance from other people?
Some of my friends are not sticking to the rules about physical distancing. What should I do?
I am feeling really anxious about COVID-19 and its impact on my life. What should I do?
When will this pandemic end so I can go back to school and meet up with my friends?
Schools are reopening in some areas of my country. Is it safe to go back to school?
I know there is a risk of getting COVID-19 at the moment, but I feel fine. Can I still play sports?
I am missing out on my education because of the COVID-19 pandemic. What should I do?
COVID-19 is everywhere in the news, and I am finding it difficult to know what is true and what is false. What should I do?
Is it safe to have sex at this time?
In the lockdown, I am spending much more time online playing games, socialising and studying. Should I be worried about this?
I heard I can be hurt by online contacts. What are my risks and how I can protect myself online.
What areas should be prioritized for disinfection in non-health care settings?
Which surface disinfectants are effective against COVID-19 in non-health care setting environments?
What protection measures should people take when using disinfectants?
Are public systems for disinfecting individuals such as spraying via tunnel or chambers safe to use?
What are the recommended practices once back home after outdoor activities?
Are gloves recommended for the community in public spaces to protect against COVID-19, for example when going to the grocery store supermarket?
How should I clean food items from the grocery store, for example fruit, vegetables or packaged items?
What precautions should I take during travel?
Who should not travel?
What is meant by “essential travel”?
How can ventilation reduce the risk of contracting COVID-19 in airplanes?
The travel company is asking me to wear a mask while traveling. Which kind of mask should I use?
What happens if I have symptoms when arriving at my destination?
What should I do after arriving at my destination?
Can I get COVID-19 from eating fresh foods, like fruits and vegetables?
Can the virus that causes COVID-19 be transmitted through the consumption of cooked foods, including animal products?
Is it safe to go to grocery stores and other food markets?
What foods should be consumed to support the immune system?
Can micronutrient (vitamin and mineral) supplements prevent COVID-19 in healthy individuals or cure it in those with COVID-19 disease?
Can eating garlic help prevent COVID-19?
How is the virus that causes COVID-19 most commonly transmitted between people?
What do we know about aerosol transmission?
Can people without symptoms transmit the virus?
What does WHO recommend in order to stop or prevent COVID-19?
Does WHO advise the use of non-medical, fabric masks in the general public?
What types of masks are used against the spread of COVID-19?
How should I use and wear a medical mask?
Does WHO recommend that all international mass gatherings be cancelled because of COVID-19?
What factors should organizers and health authorities look at when assessing whether the risks are acceptable or not?
Should event organizers provide COVID-19 testing?
I am attending a small gathering or an event such as a wedding, a party or sports tournament. What precautions should I take to protect myself and others from getting infected with COVID-19?
What is the risk of contracting COVID-19 in the workplace?
What are the key considerations for the workplace risk assessment?
How should employers decide when to open, close or re-open workplaces and/or suspend or downscale work activities?
